NAP APP
=======

DISTRIBUTION
------------

This program makes use of NAP Framework Source Code.
NAP Framework is open source software, licensed under the: Mozilla Public 
License, version 2.0. You can obtain the NAP source code, for free, at:

https://github.com/napframework/nap

You are required to include this notice when you distribute this application.
Failure to do so violates the MPL2.0 agreement.

INFORMATION
-----------

NAP framework is an open source, real-time control & visualization plaform.

Use NAP to create fast, modular and responsive applications to interact with the world around you. NAP is built to scale up to a large number of input and output devices: many displays, many lights, many speakers, many sensors, many servos.

NAP is completely data driven and heavily influenced by modern game engine design, with one exception: it does not dictate any sort of pipeline. This allows NAP to run on any type of device: from low-power, energy efficient ARM computers such as the Raspberry Pi to industrial PCs and x86 gaming rigs.

NAP applications are lean and mean: only package and ship what you actually use. On top of that NAP is easy to extend: build you own modules, resources, devices and components. NAP wants you to be safe and validates data for you on initialization. Applications are also responsive: hot-load content changes directly in to the running application. On top of that NAP is completely cross-platform and supports all modern desktop environments.

NAP Framework ships with many useful modules, including: a Vulkan 2D/3D render engine, a Vulkan Compute module, a multi-channel audio engine for music playback, recording and analysis, a sequencer to control parameters in real-time, an editor to author application content, a web-portal to control and monitor NAP applications in a browser, a system for creating and loading presets, a video player powered by FFmpeg and a Python programming interface.

LINKS
-----

NAP Documentation: https://docs.nap-framework.tech
NAP Source Code and Releases: https://github.com/napframework
NAP Website: https://nap-framework.tech